hello everybody, I'm a ctis rodrigo
multimedia center and I will demonstrate to
you now multimedia center by honda
new civic is central all uniform panel
specific for the car is connected here
the start of the round
device fell less than the central
there's a music interface browser
where you can listen to music from your
pendrive installed here in the glove holder
two usb ports and one ipod iphone
Can you put a pen drive to
play music or video the other you
can access the internet but needs
in a specific way that is sold to
part
the dvd bluetooth radio and internet that
there is the ipod tv interface icon
digital integrated input see
files games options
we will introduce the central browser of the
m1 Tamoto moon GPS software and go ag opened
hand here just to demonstrate that you are
working
the open map
the plant also has a dual function
zone we're no on gps no gps by
behind the radio behind the gps then it goes
stay aiming to give the 87 and can be vice
versa
The GPS behind the radio can be for
behind dvd or behind tv your function
dual zone
then the browser is shown there
music interface's there also
puts the thumb drive in the
I showed the radio already showed here the
bridge our station here
saves holding here first there's the
dvd radio
but to the cd that is rolling there is not
bluetooth dvd if you can connect
and receive by the plant itself
Can you also see the music of your
telephone on the internet will only
open with the respected value
digital tv ipod interface input
integrated with TV rolling the globe change
sbt channel
then the trading also be demonstrated
games in this case in this case too
Dr. camera was installed
every time the picture is usually displayed
of the actor was shown central
multimedia for honda civic already
access to our website
www.gm.com.br we do the installation
at home in sao paulo in installments
up to six times without interest also takes
a little look
thank you